---
publised: false
layout: post
title: "GSoC TensorFlow Part 4: First Evaluation"
author: Seungjae Ryan Lee
permalink: /gsoc/4
tags:
 - reinforcement-learning
 - gsoc
 - tensorflow

image: /assets/blog/gsoc/gsoc_logo.png
image_type: contain
excerpt: "This week, I look back at the first coding phase of GSoC, summarizing my work and setting goals for the next phase."

nav:
- name: "Evaluation Questions"
  permalink: "#evaluation-questions"
- name: "What I Did and Didn't Do"
  permalink: "#did-and-didnt"

related:
- title: "GSoC TensorFlow Part 3: Simple Environment Wrapper with gin-config"
  link: /gsoc/3
  image: /assets/blog/gsoc/gsoc_logo.png
  image_type: contain
---

Time flew by really quick: the first phase of GSoC is already over! At the end of every phase, all participants and mentors need to complete a short evaluation. This short evaluation asks about the experience and the chlalenges the participant faced during the first phase of the evaluation. To wrap up the first phase, I decided to write a blog post to summarize my experience with more details.

## What the Evaluation Asks {#evaluation-questions}

The questions in the evaluation could be partitioned into three sections: 1) Relationship with the Organization 2) Relationship with the Mentors, and 3) First Phase Experience.

#### Relationship with the Organization (TensorFlow)

- Did you contribute to TensorFlow before February 2019?
- When did you first communicate with TensorFlow this year?
- Additional feedback

February was when the list of mentoring organizations was announced. I was interested in contributing to TensorFlow but did not make any pull requests (PR) because I was too afraid to change anything from such a big project. After getting accepted to GSoC, I challenged myself to create pull requests before the coding period to familiarize myself with the process.

During GSoC, I had biweekly meetings via Google Meet with Paige Bailey, the GSoC organizer for TensorFlow. She has been incredibly helpful, including offering me GCP credit for my project to complement experiments in Google Colaboratory.

#### Relationship with the Mentors (Oscar and Mandar)

- How often do you interact with your mentor(s)?
- How do you communicate with your mentor(s)?
- Rate the quality of interactions with your mentor(s).
- How responsive are your mentor(s)?
- Additional feedback



#### First Phase Experience

- What is your favorite part of participating in GSoC?
- What is the most challenging part of participating in GSoC?

## What I Accomplished & What I Didn't {#did-and-didnt}

#### MultiDiscrete-to-Discrete Wrapper


#### Exploration by Random Network Distillation

In my initial proposal, my goal for the summer was to implement Random Network Distillation (RND), Intrinsic Curiosity Module (ICM), and CTS (Context Tree Switching). I decided to implement RND first because 1) the algorithm was proposed most recently, 2) the central idea is intuitive, and 3) it achieves state-of-the-art performance on *Montezuma's Revenge*.

The proposal 



#### Documentation


## What's Next?

