---
layout: page
title: "AIND: 5. Propositional Logic"
permalink: /mooc/aind/5
---

*In the videos, Peter Norvig defines Propositional Logic and First Order Logic. However, I found his description lacking compared to the formal treatment of these languages. Therefore, in these notes, I added information from the required reading 'Artificial Intelligence: A Modern Approach (AIMA).'*

**Logic** is a way of describing the world. Logical statements capture parts of the world. By making statements of the world, we can reason with logic to infer conclusions.

### History of Logic

During the early ages (1950s to 1970s) of Artificial Intelligence (AI), there was a belief that given adequate systems and languages, logic could solve anything. Indeed, logic was successful in many fields, but it also had its limitations. 

First , boolean logic failed to capture the uncertainty of the real world, so the logic of probability fit the world better. Algorithms for probability were discovered in mid-1980s. Also, hand-designed rules were time-consuming. Since the 1990s, we switched from handwritten rules to learning about the world through data.

Peter Norvig says that the future of Logic and Planning will lie on **Transfer Learning** (transferring knowledge between domains) and **Interactive Learning** (collaboration between human and machine).

### Propositional Logic

The most basic branch of logic is **Propositional Logic**. In propositional logic, the most fundamental building blocks are **propositional variables** (also known as **atoms** or **atomic formula**). A propositional variable is a statement or assertion that is either true or false.

Propositional logic also has **connectives** (also known as **operators** or **logical operators**). Connectives combine or alter propositions to create larger, more complex propositions. There are five connectives in Propositional Logic.

* Given two propositions $A$ and $B$, $A \land B$ is true if and only if both $A$ and $B$ are true. This is the **AND** operator $\land$.
* Given two propositions $A$ and $B$,$A \lor B$ is true if and only if either $A$ or $B$ is true. This is the **OR** operator $\lor$.
* The **NOT** operator $\lnot$ is used to negate propositions.
* The **IF-THEN** operator $\to$ is used to denote implications. $A \to B$ roughly translates to $A$ implies $B$.
* The **IFF** operator $\iff$ is used to denote equivalence of two statements.

### Truth Tables

To determine the truth of a proposition in terms of the truth of its atoms, we use **Truth Tables**. The rows represent the possible values of the atoms, so the possible models of the world. The columns represent the statements to check the truth values of.

|    $A$    |    $B$    | $ A \land B$ | $A \lor B$ | $\lnot A$ | $A \to B$ | $A \iff B$ |
| :-------: | :-------: | :----------: | :--------: | :-------: | :-------: | :--------: |
| **True**  | **True**  |     True     |    True    |   False   |   True    |    True    |
| **True**  | **False** |    False     |    True    |   True    |   True    |   False    |
| **False** | **True**  |    False     |    True    |   True    |   False   |   False    |
| **False** | **False** |    False     |   False    |   True    |   True    |    True    |

Here is the truth table for the 5 operators we learned. Note that most operators have truth tables that match their English meaning. However, $A \to B$ is *defined* so that if $A$ is false, $A \to B$ is always true. Therefore, if $A$ is the statement "The sea is boiling hot." and $B$ is the statement "Pigs have wings," then $A \to B$ is true.

### Valid, Satisfiable, Unsatisfiable

A statement is **valid** if it is true for every possible model. For example, $P \lor \lnot P$ is a valid statement. Valid statement is also called a **tautology**.

|    $P$    | $\lnot P$ | $P \lor \lnot P$ |
| :-------: | :-------: | :--------------: |
| **True**  |   False   |       True       |
| **False** |   True    |       True       |

A statement is **satisfiable** if it is true for some model. $(P \to Q) \to Q$ is a satisfiable but not a valid statement, since it is true if $P$ and $Q$ are both true but false if $P$ and $Q$ are both false.

|    $P$    |    $Q$    | $P \to Q$ | $(P \to Q) \to Q$ |
| :-------: | :-------: | :-------: | :---------------: |
| **True**  | **True**  |   True    |       True        |
| **True**  | **False** |   False   |       True        |
| **False** | **True**  |   True    |       True        |
| **False** | **False** |   True    |       False       |

A statement is **unsatisfiable** if it is not true for any model.  $P \land \lnot P$ is an unsatisfiable statement.

|    $P$    | $\lnot P$ | $P \land \lnot P$ |
| :-------: | :-------: | :---------------: |
| **True**  |   False   |       False       |
| **False** |   True    |       False       |

### Propositional Logic Limitations

Despite its simplicity, propositional logic is quite powerful, but it has its limitations. 

* It cannot handle uncertainty, since every statement is true or false.


* It cannot handle objects, since propositional logic only has propositions (statements).
* It cannot describe multiple propositions succinctly. For example, to claim that all $n$ cities have mayors, we can only express it with $n$ statements or some composition of $n$ statements.

Therefore, we will learn First Order Logic, which resolve some of these limitations.

